# Wallowa County, Oregon Basemap with Landcover #
I have to admit my basmap design is not terribly original, but that is by design.  My research is focused on Land Cover Change, so when they come to this map for orientation to Wallowa County, that is where I want their brain to go.  To accomplish this I started with the open Template that contained extra land use information and then emphasized these data.  The original source of these data was OpenStreetMaps so roads of all classes and their labels were emaphsized.  I first de-empahsized by using a dark gray to white color scheme and increased the scale at which more minor roads show up (leaving major roads alone zoom-wize so they are there to provide locational context).  I then focused on the landcover feature. My first move was to symbolize the land cover classes "wood", "scrub", "grass", "crop", and "snow" in the same color scheme as the National Land Cover Dataset.  I did this beacuse most folks are familiar with the NLCD and its color scheme (whether they know it or not) and I wanted things to feel familiar rather than forcing the user to figure out a new color symbology.  I also increased the opacity of the lancover layer accross its zoom range so lancover classes are expressed more clearly at higher zoom levels.  An issue that I'm still unsatisfied with is that the layer completely dissappears a zoom of over 12 and I can't figure out how to make it stop.  Could this be a maxzoom set in the Json file that needs to be tweaked?  Depending on how this background interacts with data that I'll want to superimpose, I may need to subdue the colors more, perhaps with some dark/gausy shading.
